In this module, we added push notifications
and with that, you get a powerful way of re-engaging your users.
You learned what it takes to display a notification, not that much
and to send a push message and that these are totally different things.
You learned that it takes quite some effort to make sure that not anyone can send messages to your users
but of course that it's doable.
We implemented a fully functional push service using our own server hosted by Firebase
and you saw how you can then trigger a push message, send it to the browser vendor service and
then deliver it to your browser.
And with that, we got a fully functional push server set up including a notification which then gets
displayed in the end once the message reaches the browser.
You also learned how the user may then interact with that message and how you control what happens if
the user taps it.
These were all core things and definitely things worth using in your next application.
It might still need some practice to not forget one of the steps, to get the security thing right
but in the end, it's always the same procedure and something you can quickly pick up and use.
Definitely consider using it,
it can really drive user engagement with your app.